# Windows_calculator
Although I have done many projects with Visual Basic 6 (VB6) before, this project is assigned to me to ensure that I have enough qualifications to do C#-based projects in a company. I am going to tell you a fun fact about the project. When I was young, I was trying to implement a calculator that could recognize mathematical expressions several times, but I failed to do it each time. Therefore, I was thinking about when I can implement it, I am a super-programmer :) Finally, I did it.
This project has been implemented and inspired by the Windows calculator, and I claim that it works better! The most important advantage of this calculator is that it can recognize mathematical expressions, while the Windows calculator cannot. It's not as professional as an advanced calculator like some hand calculators or MATLAB, but it's better than the Windows calculator.
Another point is that this project encountered very much bugs and I fixed them as much as I found. You may find some new bugs! So, fix them or inform me to fix them.
# Parts of project
This project contains two folders: [Calculator](https://github.com/mahdimoeini8102/Windows_calculator/tree/main/Project_Calculator/Calculator) and [Creating Reference](https://github.com/mahdimoeini8102/Windows_calculator/tree/main/Project_Calculator/Creating%20Reference/MyClassLibrary). The second one is created to have a component of the calculator and you don't need it. The second one is what you need to see the calculator. In this folder, you have access to the Visual Studio executable file that its extension is ".sln". Run it to see the project completely. But if you can go [here](https://github.com/mahdimoeini8102/Windows_calculator/tree/main/Project_Calculator/Calculator/Calculator/bin/Debug) to have access to the executable file that its extension is ".exe". Run it to see the output.
